1.7.0 Development branch of Mdate, adds a configuration file.

1.6.0 Mdate moves to git. Development shall split with the basic 1.6.0 as a
release+patch branch and a 1.7.x working branch. Major change is GMT
correlation by default. mdate.sgml is retired.

1.5.8: internal version

1.5.7: converted linuxdoc sgml documentation to DocBook XML. mdate.xpr is an
Oxygen project file used during development. Added converter utilities.
Removed the Polish documentation until an xml equivalent can be produced.

1.5.6: 'return to sourceforge' revision, updated for OSX Leopard 10.5, many
small changes

1.5.5: internal revision, updated for tools

1.5.4: internal revision, updated for tools


1.5.3:

Relicensed the documentation to normal GPL to comply with Debian documentation
requirements. No other changes.

1.5.2:

Trying out subversion as an alternate VC system to encourage multiple
developer access. This changes many things, including keyword substitution and
forces me to yet again change the Changelog format.

This also means that we'll probably be moving over to savannah and leaving our
home of many years at sourceforge.net (sniffle). It's a hard decision, and I'm
not blaming sf in any way, but subversion enables me to organize multiple
developers better and the process is much safer than cvs.


1.5.1: 

Removed @a as default format because it screws up pre Year 0 dates (and
even some post Year 0 dates). Sorry folks, you'll have to add it yourself :(
Any good suggestions to fix the locale/struct tm problems that I suspect are
causing the problem will be doing a service to the entire *nix community!

Fixed a minor formatting bug that cut off the date.

1.5.0: code and formats overhaul. Removed @C (useless). Fixed @T, @t. Fixed
@a, @A. made @a part of the default format, which introduces it's own
problems, I'm sure. New language file formats!!

1.4.8: bugfix edition

1.4.7:

Added FreeBSD port. Killed pretty format because it triggers bizarre and
subtle bugs with different versions of gcc on different OS's. Just call me
format nazi. Ok Ok, you can have it back if you WANT_PRETTY. grrr. Oh, and
added a new OSX port.

1.4.6: internal revisions

1.4.5:

New French translation! w00t! New Mayan month names compile-time option.

1.4.4:

Corrected another silly Makefile bug. Debianized and Rpmized Mdate! I can
show my face in polite company now.

1.4.3:

Finally got the mingw32 cross-compilation target working: the getopt sources
needed updating as did my debs of the cross-compiler. See www.mingw.org for
the current upstream source. Rewrote config.h, made default languages possible
(this is still a workaround), and fixed stuff.

1.4.2:

Integrated Shard's runtime language support (nice!). Did I mention we now have
a PORT to BeOS?!?! Look for it on mdate.sourceforge.net! Added German
translation, bringing the total of languages up to four.

1.4.1:

fixed typo bugs, removed @D (ordinals - until I find a workable solution), @G,
and @V (dependent on fields in struct tm that we don't need) and @Z, @z -
timezone stuff better left alone.

1.4.0:

date formatting, many fixes and updates to the general interface, improvements
to the make system (work in progress), removal of redundancies like version.h

1.3.5:

Updated Polish translation.

1.3.4:

Some synchronization between internal cvs version 1.3.3 and outside version
1.3.4. cvs2cl now used to generate the ChangeLog. Mdate multi-format
documentation now under the FDL, not the (ephemeral) ODL. Work started on i18n
following the mplayer model.

New Polish translation added, thanks to Tuvok!

1.3.3:

Thanks to Tuvok for pointing out the 'February bug', which occurs in mdate
versions 1.3.2 and below with any date in January and February, with a bad JDN
a year ahead.

1.3.2:

Multiple targets in Makefile for cygwin users. More doc work.

1.3.1:

The biggest change this version is the replacement of Ivan Van Langingham's
derived functions with tweaked versions of the public domain Fliegel/Van
Flandern algorithms. These algorithms shut the gate on any chance mdate would
use fractional JDN's, if that matters. No bugs that I can see.

Added compatible snprintf and (GNU) getopt functions for those who require
them (AFAIK getopts vary hugely even between BSDish systems, so you probably
want this).

Decided to shut up gcc by using GNUC-dependent __attribute__ 's for my CVS
magic strings. I haven't seen a clean way of avoiding this yet.

1.3.0:

internal cvs version.
